She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year.
Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
Are those shy Eurasian footwear, cowboy chaps, or jolly earth-moving headgear?
With tenure, Suzie’d have all the more pleasure for yachting.
NBC glad. Why? Fox TV jerks quiz PM.
Agricultural products are unevenly distributed.
Special task forces rescue hostages from kidnappers.
Pledge to participate in Nevada's aquatic competition.
Mosquitoes exist in warm, humid climates.
The previous speaker presented ambiguous results.
Just drop notices in any suggestion box.
Military personnel are expected to obey government orders.
Any contributions will be greatly appreciated.
Scholastic aptitude is judged by standardized tests.
Those musicians harmonize marvelously.
This brochure is particularly informative for a prospective buyer.
Technical writers can abbreviate in bibliographies.
How many clubs, projects and societies is the union responsible for managing?
How many municipalities is Portugal divided into?
Louis Binford concluded what based on skeletal remains of consumed animals?
Whoever cooperates in finding Nan's cameo will be rewarded.
Penguins live near the icy Antarctic.
Kindergarten children decorate their classrooms for all holidays.
Our experiment's positive outcome was unexpected.
Planned Parenthood organizations promote birth control.
Almost all colleges are now coeducational.
Cory attacked the project with extra determination.
Roy ignored the spurious data points in drawing the graph.
Only the best players enjoy popularity.
Do atypical farmers grow oats?
Thomas thinks a larger clamp solves the problem.
A screwdriver is made from vodka and orange juice.
Primitive tribes have an upbeat attitude.
The museum hires musicians every evening.
His failure to open the store by eight cost him his job.
The electronic transition frequency of which element defines the second?
How many endemic floral species do forests harbor?
Small farms west of Fairbanks cater to whom?
The largest ethnic group in Somerset County is?
Richmond was an important city of what confederacy?
