She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year.
Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
Are those shy Eurasian footwear, cowboy chaps, or jolly earth-moving headgear?
With tenure, Suzie’d have all the more pleasure for yachting.
NBC glad. Why? Fox TV jerks quiz PM.
Even a simple vocabulary contains symbols.
Nonprofit organizations have frequent fund raisers.
Pledge to participate in Nevada's aquatic competition.
Vietnamese cuisine is exquisite.
Any contributions will be greatly appreciated.
Only the most accomplished artists obtain popularity.
Trespassing is forbidden and subject to penalty.
Catastrophic economic cutbacks neglect the poor.
This brochure is particularly informative for a prospective buyer.
Rich looked for spotted hyenas and jaguars on the safari.
Barb's gold bracelet was a graduation present.
Cement is measured in cubic yards.
Victoria Park is located in what London district?
Can all bacteria in the human body be harmful?
Louis Binford concluded what based on skeletal remains of consumed animals?
The local drugstore was charged with illegally dispensing tranquilizers.
Ambidextrous pickpockets accomplish more.
Al received a joint appointment in the biology and the engineering departments.
Suburban housewives often suffer from the gab habit.
The gunman kept his victim cornered at gunpoint for three hours.
Help celebrate your brother's success.
Grandmother outgrew her upbringing in petticoats.
Chocolate and roses never fail as a romantic gift.
His scalp was blistered from today's hot sun.
Rob made Hungarian goulash for dinner and gooseberry pie for dessert.
Are holiday aprons available to us?
Buying a thoroughbred horse requires intuition and expertise.
A muscular abdomen is good for your back.
Alfalfa is healthy for you.
Artificial intelligence is for real.
How can natural predators benefit crops?
Israeli universities rank where in mathematics?
What is vacuum fluctuation?
How does the water molecule impact the effect of magnetic fields on protons?
El Salvador was home to which indigenous peoples?
