She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year.
Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
Are those shy Eurasian footwear, cowboy chaps, or jolly earth-moving headgear?
With tenure, Suzie’d have all the more pleasure for yachting.
NBC glad. Why? Fox TV jerks quiz PM.
Curiosity and mediocrity seldom coexist.
Pledge to participate in Nevada's aquatic competition.
The previous speaker presented ambiguous results.
Military personnel are expected to obey government orders.
Vietnamese cuisine is exquisite.
e apply auditory modeling to computer speech recognition.
Scholastic aptitude is judged by standardized tests.
Lori's costume needed black gloves to be completely elegant.
Catastrophic economic cutbacks neglect the poor.
There was a gigantic wasp next to Irving's big top hat.
Correct execution of my instructions is crucial.
Rich looked for spotted hyenas and jaguars on the safari.
On what date did Napoleon land at Alexandria?
Louis Binford concluded what based on skeletal remains of consumed animals?
Can query languages be adjusted?
Todd placed top priority on getting his bike fixed.
Employee layoffs coincided with the company's reorganization.
Publicity and notoriety go hand in hand.
These exclusive documents must be locked up at all times.
Flying standby can be practical if you want to save money.
Elderly people are often excluded.
Iguanas and alligators are tropical reptiles.
Last year's gas shortage caused steep price increases.
The misquote was retracted with an apology.
I just saw Jim near the new archeological museum.
Young people participate in athletic activities.
Angora cats are furrier than Siamese.
Doctors prescribe drugs too freely.
The new suburbanites worked hard on refurbishing their older home.
An adult male baboon's teeth are not suitable for eating shellfish.
How long did Muslim control of Palermo last?
How is electricity being generated for electric locomotives?
As an example, whose status was downgraded after the civil war?
How can static analysis be useful with query languages?
How do translators preserve context?
