She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year.
Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
Are those shy Eurasian footwear, cowboy chaps, or jolly earth-moving headgear?
With tenure, Suzie’d have all the more pleasure for yachting.
NBC glad. Why? Fox TV jerks quiz PM.
Severe myopia contributed to Ron's inferiority complex.
Encyclopedias seldom present anecdotal evidence.
Bagpipes and bongos are musical instruments.
The most recent geological survey found seismic activity.
Chip postponed alimony payments until the latest possible date.
We apply auditory modeling to computer speech recognition.
Aluminum silverware can often be flimsy.
Only the most accomplished artists obtain popularity.
Catastrophic economic cutbacks neglect the poor.
Those musicians harmonize marvelously.
Tornados often destroy acres of farm land.
Technical writers can abbreviate in bibliographies.
Renaissance humanism was antagonistic to what?
Can all bacteria in the human body be harmful?
Can query languages be adjusted?
A crab challenged me, but a quick stab vanquished him.
My desires are simple: give me one informative paragraph on the subject.
Medieval society was based on hierarchies.
Top zinnias rarely have crooked stems.
Weatherproof galoshes are very useful in Seattle.
Daphne's Swedish needlepoint scarf matched her skirt.
In every major cloverleaf, traffic sometimes gets backed up.
The diagnosis was discouraging; however, he was not overly worried.
Shaving cream is a popular item on Halloween.
To further his prestige, he occasionally reads the Wall Street Journal.
Can the agency overthrow alien forces?
We got drenched from the uninterrupted rain.
The taxicab broke down and caused a traffic jam.
Those who are not purists use canned vegetables when making stew.
Get a calico cat to keep.
What record labels helped popularize house music?
How did Constantine accept Christianity?
In what historical period was Old English spoken?
Most adult insects have adopted what kind of gait?
How many crystal modifications of uranium hydride are extant?
