She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year.
Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
Are those shy Eurasian footwear, cowboy chaps, or jolly earth-moving headgear?
With tenure, Suzie’d have all the more pleasure for yachting.
NBC glad. Why? Fox TV jerks quiz PM.
Biologists use radioactive isotopes to study microorganisms.
Curiosity and mediocrity seldom coexist.
Agricultural products are unevenly distributed.
Bagpipes and bongos are musical instruments.
Etiquette mandates compliance with existing regulations.
December and January are nice months to spend in Miami.
Vietnamese cuisine is exquisite.
Aluminum silverware can often be flimsy.
There was a gigantic wasp next to Irving's big top hat.
Tornados often destroy acres of farm land.
Academic aptitude guarantees your diploma.
Technical writers can abbreviate in bibliographies.
How is evolution applied to textual criticism?
On what date did Napoleon land at Alexandria?
How is unit cell volume calculated?
Masquerade parties tax one's imagination.
Scientific progress comes from the development of new techniques.
The coyote, bobcat, and hyena are wild animals.
Cooperation along with understanding alleviate dispute.
You must explicitly delete files.
Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
Ralph prepared red snapper with fresh lemon sauce for dinner.
She always jokes about too much garlic in his food.
Bob bandaged both wounds with the skill of a doctor.
The easygoing zoologist relaxed throughout the voyage.
Please take this dirty table cloth to the cleaners for me.
Please dig my potatoes up before frost.
You always come up with pathological examples.
Upgrade your status to reflect your wealth.
I'll have a scoop of that exotic purple and turquoise sherbet.
How can cars get exempt from the restrictions?
Karen Armstrong has said that we can be confident who existed?
The protest of the trial resulted in what specifically?
How much bitumen is in usual concrete mixtures?
The uneasy alliance between whom eventually won rebels the victory?
