She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year.
Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
Are those shy Eurasian footwear, cowboy chaps, or jolly earth-moving headgear?
With tenure, Suzie’d have all the more pleasure for yachting.
NBC glad. Why? Fox TV jerks quiz PM.
Biologists use radioactive isotopes to study microorganisms.
Severe myopia contributed to Ron's inferiority complex.
Even a simple vocabulary contains symbols.
Mosquitoes exist in warm, humid climates.
Chip postponed alimony payments until the latest possible date.
Trespassing is forbidden and subject to penalty.
Lori's costume needed black gloves to be completely elegant.
Correct execution of my instructions is crucial.
The triumphant warrior exhibited naive heroism.
Tornados often destroy acres of farm land.
Iris thinks this zoo has eleven Spanish zebras.
Cement is measured in cubic yards.
How many clubs, projects and societies is the union responsible for managing?
How many municipalities is Portugal divided into?
Can all bacteria in the human body be harmful?
The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume.
Regular attendance is seldom required.
Porcupines resemble sea urchins.
Basketball can be an entertaining sport.
The high security prison was surrounded by barbed wire.
Remember to allow identical twins to enter freely.
Did dad do academic bidding?
Brush fires are common in the dry underbrush of Nevada.
Gregory and Tom chose to watch cartoons in the afternoon.
The jaw operates by using antagonistic muscles.
Her wardrobe consists of only skirts and blouses.
Jeff thought you argued in favor of a centrifuge purchase.
The frightened child was gently subdued by his big brother.
My ideal morning begins with hot coffee.
Steph could barely handle the psychological trauma.
With what donors does zinc form stable complexes?
How many quarters are undergraduates required to complete on campus to graduate?
How is diagnosis of infectious disease almost always initiated?
How many pupils lived in another municipality?
How are alternative splicing and coding sequences distributed?

