She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year.
Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
Are those shy Eurasian footwear, cowboy chaps, or jolly earth-moving headgear?
With tenure, Suzie’d have all the more pleasure for yachting.
NBC glad. Why? Fox TV jerks quiz PM.
Even a simple vocabulary contains symbols.
Special task forces rescue hostages from kidnappers.
Nonprofit organizations have frequent fund raisers.
The most recent geological survey found seismic activity.
Etiquette mandates compliance with existing regulations.
Just drop notices in any suggestion box.
December and January are nice months to spend in Miami.
Aluminum silverware can often be flimsy.
Only the most accomplished artists obtain popularity.
In developing film, many toxic chemicals are used.
This brochure is particularly informative for a prospective buyer.
Iris thinks this zoo has eleven Spanish zebras.
Victoria Park is located in what London district?
How is evolution applied to textual criticism?
How is unit cell volume calculated?
Cyclical programs will never compile.
Stimulating discussions keep students' attention.
Children can consume many fruit candies in one sitting.
The essay undeniably reflects our view ably.
Lots of foreign movies have subtitles.
The groundhog clearly saw his shadow, but stayed out only a moment.
How would you evaluate this algebraic expression?
Try to recall the events in chronological order.
It's impossible to deal with bureaucracy.
Shipbuilding is a most fascinating process.
Pam gives driving lessons on Thursdays.
Westchester is a county in New York.
Gus saw pine trees and redwoods on his walk through Sequoia National Forest.
Each untimely income loss coincided with the breakdown of a heating system part.
A boring novel is a superb sleeping pill.
How are most student organizations at Washington University funded?
Portugal modernized its public cultural facilities during what two decades?
Tufts-New England Medical Center was renamed what?
What have the grants provided public libraries?
The crown tribunal was created when?
